Add the ability to define app permissions (#1599)
beeware/briefcase: docs/reference/configuration.rst

* ``permission.camera`` - permission to access to the camera to take photos or video.
* ``permission.microphone`` - permission to access the microphone.
* ``permission.coarse_location`` - permission to determine a rough GPS location.
* ``permission.fine_location`` - permission to determine a precise GPS location.
* ``permission.background_location`` - permission to track GPS location while in the background.
* ``permission.photo_library`` - permission to access to the user's photo library.

If a cross-platform permission is used, it will be mapped to platform-specific values in
whatever files are used to define permissions on that platform.

Permissions can also be configured by adding platform-specific configuration items. See the documentation for the the platform backends to see the options that are available.

The value for each permission is a short description of why that permission is required.
If the platform requires, the value may be displayed to the user as part of an
authorization dialog. This description should describe *why* the app requires the
permission, rather than a generic description of the permission being requested.

> The use of cross-platform may also imply other settings in your app. See the individual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of permissions may also imply other settings in your app. See the individual
```
